Feature/is from subject (#1121)
Clinical-Genomics/MIP: documentation/API/Pedigree.md

],
```

#### Note

> The key sample_id is unique for each molecular library. A subject can have many molecular libraries and the key subject_id in the pedigree file is used to link the sample_ids together.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key sample_id is unique and represents a single or multiple molecular library(ies). A subject can have many molecular libraries and the key subject_id in the pedigree file is used to link the sample_ids together.  
```

Reviewer: That is what we want right? The sample id is a group representation of a collection of molecular libraries. It is probably not how it is on LIMS and Cg right know, but since we never run more than one mol lib it basically the same right now. The subject id is needed since there can be an RNA collection and a separate DNA collection, and they cannot have the same sample_id.

> ![Subject_id_DNA-RNA](Subject_id_description.png)  

Reviewer: Nice picture!
